Add metrics monitoring content (#134)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/view-infrastructure-metrics.asciidoc

[[view-infrastructure-metrics]]
= View infrastructure metrics

The *Inventory* page provides a metrics-driven view of your entire infrastructure grouped by 
the resources that you are monitoring. All monitored resources emitting
a core set of infrastructure metrics are displayed to give you a quick view of the overall health
of your infrastructure.

By default, an overview of the hosts that you are monitoring and the current CPU usage
for each host are displayed in a waffle map of one or more rectangular grids. 
Alternatively, you can change this map view to a table view.

[[filter-resources]]
== Filter related resources

To help you get started with your analysis faster, you can change the high-level view from
hosts to Kubernetes pods, Docker containers, or AWS, which includes EC2 instances, S3 buckets,
RDS databases, and SQS queues. When you hover each resource, the metrics specific to
that resource are displayed.

You can change the high-level view to display the critical metrics of a

> resource, group the resource by specific fields that relate to it, and sort by either name or metric value. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource, group the resource by specific fields related to it, and sort by either name or metric value. For example,
```
